So in the last lecture we've added this footer text and it's escaped and sanitized everything.
But we actually need to allow some HTML like A tags to pass the sanitization.
So instead of adding a sanitized_text_field() function here let's create our own function that will allow
that.
So let's add a name here that we will create in a moment.
So "_themename_sanitize_site_info".
And let's create this function here.
And this function receives the value of the setting.
Let's call it $input. So remembering one of the early lectures about validation and sanitization we mention a function
called wp_kses(). And this function takes a string input and an array of allowed HTML.
And what it does is that it removes any HTML except for the allowed once.
So let's create a variable called $allowed.
And this should be an array.
And the keys for this array should be the allowed tags.
So in our case the "a" tag and the value is also an array of allowed attributes.
So we want to allow the "href" attribute and we don't need a specific value so we can add an empty
array.
We also would like to allow "title".
And then we'll return the input.
However we'll pass it first through the wp_kses() function.
So it takes the $input and then the $allowed tags.
But we actually escaping all HTML in the info.php template.
So even if you managed to successfully save the A tags in the database it will be escape here.
So we need to do the same thing here.
So let's actually copy this
and
paste it here. And instead of "echo esc_html" we'll do the same thing. We'll "echo.
wp_kses"
the site info and the allowed text.
So let's see how that will look like now.
So let's refresh.
Footer Options and let's add an A tag and "href".
And great, as you can see it's now a link.
So let's now add another tag like a SCRIPT tag.
So I know this refreshing the iframe is annoying but doing way we tackle this in probably in the next lecture.
So as you can see the SCRIPT tag is stripped here and it's only represented as text.
So let's publish. And make sure it's saved properly to the database.
And as you can see the SCRIPT tag is removed and the A tag is still there.
And just to make sure if you add any attribute here other than the "href" and the "title". And let's inspect.
Sorry.
And as you can see we only have the "href". So let's add the "title" and inspect.
And here we have it.
So the wp_kses() function is very beneficial in these kind of situations.
So I think that's it for this field except for the annoying refreshing the whole iframe thing.
So let's tackle this in the next lecture.